How we forecast future technologies?
Grafana Dashboard to visualize and analyze sensors’ dataMVP for a software that analyses content from audio (Pharma-based)Data Engineering and Management tool (Airbyte) with custom data connectors to manage CRM databaseText Summarizing Tool to scrape and summarize pubmed medical papers Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, LangchainMethodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, LangchainChatbot using VoiceFlowHow To Secure (SSL) Nginx with Let’s Encrypt on Ubuntu (Cloud VM, GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode) and Add DomainRising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040.Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in FutureInternet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative PathwaysRise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming FutureAI/ML and Predictive ModelingSolution for Contact Centre ProblemsHow to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?Code Review ChecklistTECHNOLOGY is playing a dominant role in human life. And as in our daily lifestyle technology is used each and every place where human beings are present. so How we forecast future technologies? So, the fact is that technology is not a single immutable piece of hardware orbit chemistry. It is simply knowledge of physical relationships and it systematically applied to the useful arts. This knowledge can vary continuously over time. It can range basic phenomenon can be applied to an end product, device, or production machine in a mature operating system. Even as time passes, the performance characteristics of any machine, product, or operating system are normally improved in small continuous increments over time.Advance in technology is usually nothing more than an accumulation of small advances not worth introducing individually to make a significant change in total technology. Forecast future technologies no matter how accurate – unless they eventually influence action.We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd